My first interview with Professor Jang
Shui Chin about predictive history,
religious esquetology, and the end of
times is the most watched interview on
my YouTube channel. And it's no surprise
as his YouTube channel, Predictive
History, was already going ballistic
online with tens of millions of views
and a whole hoorde of subscribers
flooding onto his platform. Somehow in
the time since, Professor Jung has gone
even more viral with influencers
remixing his clips online on platforms
like Instagram and Tik Tok, bringing his
content to more and more people. So, I
am incredibly privileged and of course
honored to have him as a guest on my own
platform for the second time now. A lot
has changed in the world since our last
interview, like the Gaza ceasefire,
bombing Venezuelan fishing boats, and
escalating tensions with both Russia and
Iran. So today we're going to be
focusing on renewed tensions with Iran,
the progression of these extremist
esqueological beliefs held by the
powerful forces seeking to bring about
the end of the world as we know it and
some of the predictions Professor Jong
may have for the future. Without further
ado, my second discussion with the
legendary Professor Janguin. Professor,
I'd like to start with Iran. Since we
last spoke, both Iran and Israel have
made preparations for another round of
conflict. There are some who believe
this conflict is right around the corner
while others believe it could be a year
or two away. What are your thoughts
about a potential new war with Iran?
>> Right. So I think in the second round um
basically Israel and Iran are all all
in. Um the 12-day war it was more like
testing the waters. Israel believed that
with decapitation strikes it could uh
overthrow the Iranian regime. And what
it it discovered was that the regime um
was far more cohesive, far more
resilient than it could ever imagine.
And in fact, you could argue that the
decapition strikes actually helped Iran
because it removed um an oified
bureaucracy from the military. Uh top
generals were removed which allowed more
energetic, more younger, more innovative
lieutenants to rise in the ranks. Um
also the 12-day uh war um unified
Iranian society and it really removed
all possibility of peace from the minds
of the Iranian people. So if there are
around two and I believe like most
experts that a round two is imminent
then the Iranian people the Iranian
regime will be much more unified. Um
Israel on the other hand knows time is
running out. Um Israel has really dug
itself a huge hole. um it cannot afford
peace anymore. Uh it society right now
is on the brink of civil war. Nanyahu uh
is on the precipice. If there is peace,
Netanyahu would be brought to trial and
be charged with war crimes. So his only
option is to continue the war. Um and so
we're headed to a collision and in this
collision I think that the stakes are
much higher. I think that this war will
be much more sustained. The two things
I'm looking at in the second round is
first of all, will Iran close off the
straight of Humus? As you can imagine,
if Iran were to close off the straight
of it, it would bring in the entire
world. The entire world would be
impacted uh Southeast Asia, mainly
China, South Korea, Japan get most of
its oil from the Middle East and this
would severely hamper the Southeast
Asian economies. Um so that's the first
big question. Will Iran close off the
shoo? Second big question is the alaxica
mosque. Now as we discussed last time um
Israel imported five red heers from
Texas and um this was like three years
ago. So now the red heer is all of age
and what you do is you you need to
sacrifice a perfect red heer in order to
consecrate the grounds for the building
of the third temple um the rebuilding of
the temple of Solomon. To do that, you
have to destroy the Alaxa mosque. And as
you can imagine, this would cause
tremendous political uh repercussions
throughout the Islamic world. You could
see revolution, civil discontent, uh
even regime collapse and overfall. So
these are the two big questions that we
would look at in a second round.
>> You know, professor, uh just a comment,
I'm not sure if you're aware of this,
but there are reports that they already
sacrificed the red heers. There was a
secret ceremony apparently and there was
uh an Israeli Jewish influencer who was
doing a podcast and he held up a dime
bag filled with ashes and he says,
"We've already sacrificed the red heers.
We have the ashes."
>> Breaking red heer sacrifice update. The
recent Red Heer sacrifice wasn't burned
in a rehearsal. It was real.
>> The Red Heer people, they fooled
everybody. So what they did was they
said just going to do a practice one.
>> According to Adam King, he has the ashes
>> right here. Red heer ashes. They ended
up going out doing a real cow and that's
tikva. It was a real offering. They did
it all by the laws and they use the
ashes actually to perform a sort of
ablution. So they mix it with like holy
water from a spring and they have a
bunch of other rituals that they do. But
they essentially create this water that
they use to cleanse Jewish people that
can then prepare them to enter the
grounds in which the third temple would
be built. Of course, which is in they
believe the area where a currently is.
Yeah. So, I've heard these rumors and I
don't know how true they are. Um, I've
always I was always under the pressure
that before you could build a third
temple, you need to consecrate the
ground. And so, you can only do that
after you destroy the mosque. But, as
you say, this there what they've done is
is a possible uh religious workaround.
So, it's entirely possible that they've
done so, which means that they're on a
very fast timeline. They want to get
this as done as soon as possible. I've
also heard rumors that they've um
they've already built the third temple
brick by brick and so it's very easy
once the Alex mos uh is destroyed to
quickly resurrect the third temple and
as you know um the third temple is
important for esquetological purposes.
The third temple is where the antichrist
is supposed to reign supreme. Uh the
third temple is to is supposed to uh
usher in the return of the uh Jewish
messiah. Um, so for lots of esoterical
reasons, you need a third temple. In
fact, it's the key piece.
>> This brings me to my next question.
Actually, some people might find it hard
to believe that rational state actors
guided by geopolitical realism would
also be under the influence of
esqueological beliefs, which to others
would be considered irrational. Right?
If you don't subscribe to that ideology
or that religion, uh, then you might
find it to be irrational. So can you
help us understand why a state let's say
Israel or Iran would prioritize
esqueological beliefs over the cold
calculated geopolitical realities that
should be influencing their decision-m.
So with Israel you you would think
confronting Iran like this is irrational
perhaps to you and others when you take
into consideration their esqueological
beliefs and their greater Israel
project. it actually seems that that
takes priority in their minds over the
geopolitical realities that might advise
them to not be as aggressive.
>> Right? So the first thing I will say is
that in geopolitics the conflict within
states is more intense, more great and
more important than the conflict um
between states. Um, so the question then
is, uh, if you're working within a
imperial bureaucracy, which is what the
United States is, how do you obtain
power? The problem with bureaucracies is
that they're slow. Uh, they're
compartmentalized
and um, they are extremely hierarchal.
So the way you manipulate or the way
that you you cheat in bureaucracies is
by forming secret societies because
secret societies allow for secret secret
coordination, right? So people across
departments um who don't really know
each other, they're working off a script
and as such they are able to ascend the
uh bureaucratic ladder because they are
able to tell each other apart and they
just help each other. The problem then
is what is a script? A script is often
esquetolo es esquetological um a belief
in the end of the world. And so for
freemasons it's the belief in the
creation of a world government. For uh
Christian Zionists it's the belief of
the return of Jesus. For um religious
tomatic Jews um a faction that we um
often refer to as this um uh the um
Frankish Tomatic Jews. they want to see
the um coming of the meatic age. But the
thing is that with all these
esquetologies,
they have a similar script. So the
script involves Israel
um um fighting World War II, um the
building of the third temple, the return
of the Jews to um the homeland, the
coming of the Antichrist. So what is um
interesting is that the these are
different secret societies and they're
often in competition with each other but
for the purpose of esquetology they work
together. So, and what's important for
us to understand is that these different
secret societies are heavily embedded in
the American national security
apparatus, CIA, the Pentagon, uh the
FBI, FBI. Um as well as government of of
Israel. Um and for the longest time,
these secret societies were dormant
because they really couldn't achieve the
esquetology. But with the collapse of
the global liberal financial order, uh
with Brexit, with the rise of Donald
Trump, with this war in Ukraine,
um these secret societies see an
opportunity to achieve their esque
esquetological
vision and they're working directly with
religious fanatics in the state of
Israel. So I would say that Israel is
not working alone. I would say that
Israel is working very much in
conjunction with the national security
apparatus of America. what you're
describing with these secret societies
it sounds like is a deep state or
another word for I guess you could call
it the deep state but with Israel and
with Zionism as we know many of their
leaders many of their politicians many
of their people are actually atheists
they're secular they don't actually
believe in the religion but they still
believe God gave them the land even
though they they don't believe in God
literally so in the case of these secret
societies the deep state whether it's in
the United States or Israel
How is it the case that you have atheist
leadership that don't literally believe
in the story but still somehow
subconsciously or even deliberately
adopt the esqueological beliefs that are
literally connected to a literal belief
in the the the religion, the story, the
concept of God.
>> Well, that's the beauty of esquetology
because you don't you actually don't
need belief. You need interest to align.
So um you're you're correct in saying
that uh most uh Jewish Zionists. They're
actually not religious. They're
atheists. In fact, Orthodox Jews believe
that Zionism is sacled. It's an
operation. It's a blasphemy um against
the true religion. Um so and there's
always been this major conflict between
Orthodox Jews um and Zionist Zionist
Jews. But what Zionist Jews believe in
is a Jewish homeland. They believe in
the Greater Israel Project. They believe
in Jewish supremacy and so they are
cynically working with Christian
Zionists, Jesuits, Mormons, other secret
societies in order to advance their
interest. Remember um they want to see
the third temple. They want to see World
War II. They want to see the greater
Israel project. But at this point they
are going to diverge because they have
different uh escological frameworks. So
for these religious Jews um sorry for
these Zionist Jews they believe that the
Messiah will return um and Israel will
become the most most powerful nation in
the world. It be Jack it'll be tax
Judea. Um the Freemasons believe that
you will create a world government. uh
Christian Zionists believe that Jesus
will return and
um kill about a third of Jews and then
convert a third of the Jews and then the
the rest of a third will be damned to
hell. Um the Jews themselves believe
that Christians at the end of days will
all be enslaved by by the Jews. So so
that's what's interesting. Um you know
it's all cynical calculation. It's just
secret societies these different
religious orders. They believe it's
important important to work together now
to achieve this escaleral vision. But
once this vision is achieved, then you
can see a massive civil war break out
among these different factions.
>> So it sounds like these deep states or
these secret societies are a combination
of people who literally believe in the
religion and then people that are
cynically going along because their
interests at the end of the day are
aligned. And so whether or not you
actually think the Messiah, let's say
Netanyahu, maybe he doesn't literally
think the Messiah will come out of the
sky and and appear in the third temple,
but he still wants to see, you know,
Israel move in that direction uh because
it somehow satisfies his own interests
or the interests of the greater Israel
project, which he still believes in.
>> Right? So one thing to to remember about
geopolitics is that it's often about the
convergence of different interest
groups. So the greater is Israel project
is not a project undertaken by um
Zionist alone. It's heavily supported by
the u military-industrial complex of the
United States which wants to control all
trade routes in the Middle East. Um you
know Russia in Iran has something called
the north south corridor and there's uh
China has something called the belt and
road initiative. Uh then there's
something called the European Middle
East India corridor. So the Middle East
is really the center of all global trade
and whoever controls that real estate
controls all glob global trade. So um
the military-industrial complex uh
financial interest city of London, Wall
Street, they all want to see the greater
Israel project um achieved. So that's
what geopolitics is. Um wherever the
most powerful groups wherever interests
converge is whatever happens.
>> I see. So I'd like to I guess now
introduce Gaza to the mix. As you know,
there is a quote unquote ceasefire. Uh
what that means is basically a reduction
in violence. It's Israel continues to
kill people. They continue to starve
people. They're just doing it at a scale
that is lower or lesser than what we saw
previously at the height of the
genocide. Now, none of us, I think, are
falling for this. We're all aware of the
fact that this is likely going to
continue and escalate again with Israel
continuing to slaughter people. Uh but
with that being said,
what do you think comes next and how
does Gaza fit into Israel's greater
Israel project, the war with Iran, etc.,
etc.
>> Yeah. So, um what's happening in Gaza?
Uh the upcoming war with Iran,
um the Houthies, Lebanon, it's all
interconnected, right? because Israel
sees um the axis of resistance as one um
enemy um headed by the snake in in
Karan. So um from a Israeli perspective
all these things are interconnected and
you can make the argument that this
pause um in Gaza is so that Israel can
prepare properly for the upcoming war
against uh Iran. But as you say, this
ceasefire, I mean, it's not really a
ceasefire. Israel continues to commit
atrocities every day. And um you can
make the argument that Israel just
cannot stop because Israel has reached a
breaking point where if it stops then it
needs to look in the mirror and account
for all the atrocities it's it's
committed uh in Gaza for the past two
years. And they can't do that. Um it
would just mean a fracturing of Israeli
society. it would it would mean the the
um bringing down of the greater Israel
project. It it could possibly mean the
end of Zionism. So unfortunately the
situation is that Israel has gone allin.
Um as I've said in um previous videos in
previous lectures I believe that what's
happening in Gaza is a ritual human
sacrifice. And this is something that
the Asex did. This is something that the
Romans did, the Spartans did. You do
that because you're at war and you need
to commit your entire population to
total war. Um, so if there's ever peace,
then there's always a risk that the
Palestinians will one day seek vengeance
against Israel for what's happened and
is Israelis cannot allow that. Also,
what the Israelis understand is that
this war in Gaza, it's made the
Palestinian people more resilient, more
energetic, more dynamic, more
innovative. And if they allow the
Palestinians time to rebuild the
society, it's going to cause a lot of
issues for Israel in the future. Um
because a greater Israel project cannot
allow for a Palestinian state to to
stand.
>> So going back to the war with Iran, Iran
has made significant preparations.
They're obviously making reforms when it
comes to their intelligence operations,
their intelligence gatherings, their
counter intelligence within the country
trying to take out these MSAD cells,
etc., etc. And they've uh apparently
either repaired or improved their air
defenses. There are significant amounts
of support coming from both Russia and
China. We know that Iran is getting
around sanctions and giving much of
their oil exports directly to Chinese
companies offshore and then it's brought
onto the homeland. So, China's helping
Iran get around these sanctions and we
know that China has sold equipment to
Iran. How important is Iran to China
from China's perspective? Because if
Israel and the US do decide to get back
into this catastrophic war once and for
all to finish off the regime in Iran,
which as we know is not going to go down
by protests or uh intelligence
operations, we already saw that fail in
the last 12-day war. So, it would have
to be a major catastrophic war. In that
scenario where Iran is truly in a fight
to the death, a fight for its survival,
does China care enough about its
relationship with Iran to potentially
get involved and make sure that Iran
keeps standing or is Iran simply part of
temporary plans for China?
>> Yeah. So, unfortunately, the Chinese um
theory of geopolitics, it's very clear,
it's very stark, and it's pretty
consistent. Um it's been consistent for
decades. China will never ever interfere
in a conflict that um is does not um
involve Chinese territory or sovereignty
issues. Um it just does not um first of
all it doesn't really have the capacity
to fight an overseas war. The people's
liberal liberation army is very much a
defensive army. It's it's meant to to
defend the territorial in sovereignty
and integrity of China. It doesn't have
a theory of geopolitics. It's it would
be very hard to explain to the Chinese
why it's important to get involved in a
war in Iran. The Chinese population
would not stand for it. And the Chinese
um doesn't really even have a blue water
navy. So the Chinese navy it's helmed in
by the three island chains of the United
States. So if the Chinese if Chinese
ships were ever to go off to the Middle
East, then it would be stranded. um it
could be easily picked off be picked off
by the American military or the the is
Israeli um air force. So unfortunately
China cannot involve itself in a war
with Iran. But what China sees itself is
maybe the last defender of the global
order. Um and so what China would do is
try to broker a peace between Iran,
United States and Israel even as though
the even as the war is raging. So that's
how China would perceive itself in in a
possible conflict that it would be a
mediator that it would try to reconcile
these different interests but at the
same time it would continue to trade um
with both the United States uh and Iran
in case of a conflict.
>> So it's my understanding that much of
the material let's say the fuel used to
power the ballistic missiles come from
China. I guess if China would not get
involved militarily directly, would they
maybe airlift emergency airlift some of
this extra material uh to Iran
guaranteeing that they have what they
need to fight? Is that an extent maybe
China's willing to go to or are they
completely hands off? Anytime the US
wants to get involved militarily, they
just completely back off. I think that
um even as the war rages, there will
always be secret negotiations going on
uh among different different parties and
I think that Beijing will one of
facilitators of these secret
negotiations and I think that an
agreement will be reached where China is
allowed to provide uh material uh and
weaponry to Iran and the United States
will turn a blind eye. And this is this
is essentially what happened in Ukraine,
right? Uh NATO supplied intelligence,
weaponry, special forces, uh targeting
to the Ukrainians. Um and the Russians
turn a blind eye. And so I I think that
wars is a much more complicated fear
than most people assume. Also um I hate
to say this, but um all these nation
states are cynical. So, so there could
be a situation where um America, Israel
is fighting a war against Iran, but
American companies, Israeli companies
are providing certain material uh to the
Iranians for a lot of money. Okay. So,
so war is a very complicated affair and
we can't just say that when the United
States goes to war against Iran, that's
it. It's it's it's the finish. Um at at
the end of the day uh I keep on saying
this but the conflict within nation
states is much greater than conflict
between nation states. So um when a war
happens it's often as a way to um uh
deflect from the greater domestic
tensions wi within a nation state.
>> So you you mentioned the war with Russia
and Ukraine and how Russia turned a
blind eye towards the involvement very
direct involvement of NATO. uh in many
cases it's it's it's Western forces
operating missiles in Ukraine that are
hitting Russia. They're doing everything
but pushing the button. Uh so they're
very heavily involved. Now there was the
belief that tensions with Russia would
cool down when Trump got elected. That
did not happen. Then there was hope that
after the summit they had in Alaska that
tensions would cool down in some way at
some point. That has not happened.
recently they've actually uh cancelled a
uh summit or a conference they were
supposed to have in Budapest. Uh and now
it just seems like things are going to
escalate from here. And of course there
are discussions potentially of the US
providing tomahawk missiles to Ukraine
which not only can strike Russian
territory but are also capable of
carrying nuclear weapons. And this seems
like a really uh difficult point to get
over and could obviously escalate
tensions between them. So, how does this
war with Russia factor into any
predictions you have of our collective
future? And how does it connect to the
esqueological beliefs that are driving a
lot of the conflict and moving the world
in a certain direction?
>> Um, all right. So, I'm going to make
some pretty stark statements about this
war in Ukraine. Um, first of all, I
believe the war is lost. The Ukraine has
lost the war. Uh if you just look at the
front lines, the Russians are fighting
with energy, with ferocity, with
innovation and the Ukrainians are
deserting amass. Um you see stories of
these elderly men in the 50s and 60s um
being picked off the streets of Ukraine
in order to fight in this uh unwinable
war. So I think this war is lost. That's
number one. Number two is Zilinski and
the Ukrainian elite cannot afford to
stop fighting this war because if
there's ever peace then the Ukrainian
people would look at all the destruction
um all the losses and there'll be a
political revolution in Ukraine uh and a
proin regime would come into power. I
think that's pretty pretty obvious. Um
that's number two. Uh number three is
that NATO itself cannot afford to stop
fighting this war because NATO has
invested so much resources. Um bas
basically NATO has gone allin in this
war in Ukraine. This is something that
people don't really appreciate. Um you
know they hide it from us. They um the
headlines have always been optimistic
about this war and they fool themselves
to to believing that this war is
winnable and they've invested so much
that if they were to ever sue for peace,
if they were ever to um withdraw from
the war, then the losses would be
catastrophic. So NATO itself cannot
afford to lose this war. And that's why
we're seeing all these signs of war
preparation throughout Europe. you know,
Mcronone has has told hospitals to
prepare for casualties starting uh early
ne next year. Same thing with Germany.
Uh Romania has started to draft a law um
to draft young men into war. Uh Moldova
recently had these recent uh elections
in which a pro-uropean candidate won
Sandu and there's talk of Maldova
becoming the 33rd uh state of of NATO.
So, I think that there's all these signs
that NATO is preparing for a prolonged
conflict with Russia. And the reason why
is they just can't afford to stop. If
they if they just stop this war, then
there'll be massive rebellions
throughout Ukraine, throughout Eastern
Europe. And these regimes will no longer
be viable and sustainable. And the
American Empire itself does not want
this war to stop because it sees this
war as draining valuable resources from
Russia. It's bogging uh Russia down in
Ukraine. If this war were to stop,
Russia would be much more likely to help
uh Iran. It could possibly um try to
restore the Syrian regime. Um Russia
could
offer help to Venezuela and Cuba and
Nikuaga in the um the American theater.
So uh for many reasons, they can't
afford to stop. So what what I think
will happen I've made this prediction uh
before is that the conflict will
converge in Odessa. Putin and his
generals have announced that they want
to move towards uh Odessa. It will be a
grind. They the the Russian military uh
uh warfare military doctrine. It's slow.
It's deliberate. It's methodical. They
want to limit as as many civil cases as
possible. Um but eventually they will
approach Odessa and if Russia takes
Odessa the war is over. Um Ukraine is no
longer a viable state and so NATO will
fight um to will fight Russia in Odessa.
It will reinforce Odessa and um
unfortunately um you know the saying is
that America wants Ukraine wants to
fight Russia to the last Ukrainian man.
It's possible now that America will
fight Russia to the last European man.
>> Well that's a very scary thought. Uh is
there any potential in your mind for the
worstc case scenario which is uh a
direct hot war between NATO and Russia
which every war game apparently has
predicted that uh it always ends in a
nuclear exchange. Is that a a realistic
possibility a 50% chance 10% chance or
is it something that you don't even want
to think about? Well, so Trump and Putin
met in mid August in Anchorage and they
had a very good meeting and it seemed
both were very happy with the results of
the meeting and right after meeting as
you mentioned conflict start to arise
everywhere. So uh Trump start to send uh
the navy the American Navy to Venezuela
the um uh Putin set more drones against
NATO countries. So the question then is
what was the point of that anguage
meeting and many people believe that it
was for peace but if you change your
perspective and said maybe it was for
war purposes maybe Putin and Trump agree
to fight even more. So the question then
is why would they do that? Well both
Trump and Putin have a common enemy and
the common enemy is the global financial
establishment order which has controlled
the world ever since uh the fall of the
Soviet Union. Right? Remember George HW
Bush announced the creation of the new
world new world order. Uh and what did
that mean? It meant that uh these
different elites of these different
countries, China, Russia, United States,
Europe would get together and they would
steal from their own people. Um so so
these are parasites and both Trump,
Putin see the global establishment elite
as the real enemy. They see NATO, they
see the American uh European deep
states, they they see the EU as the
common enemy. And so how do you destroy
the global financial order? Well, you
you drag them into a war that's not
winnable that would cause tremendous
popular discontent within their their
nations um and which would lead to the
overthrow of their respective um deep
state regimes and and I think that's the
strategy that Putin and Trump have
mapped out. So I think that this war in
Ukraine, what's happening in Venezuela,
it's all just a reflection um of that.
Now, I believe you when you say Putin
believes that, but I'm not so sure I
agree that Trump actually believes that.
I know that's what Trump markets himself
as, but I view Trump as really just a
selfish billionaire and you we have his
entire career to look at. He's always
been interested in money and fame. And
so, I find it hard to believe that he
he's I'm not saying that you're not
right in this situation. I just don't
know. It's hard for me to see Trump from
that perspective. Putin I can definitely
see, but Trump I feel like is just very
self-serving and perhaps he was so
egotistical he thought if he just talked
to Putin in Alaska they could, you know,
get the ball rolling and bring some kind
of end to this that would somehow favor
the United States which was kind of
ridiculous. So what am I not seeing
about Trump that leads me to disagree
with that in your view?
>> Right. So I completely agree. I think
that Trump is self-s serving and he's
corrupt and he's egotistical. Uh he's a
narcissistic egoomaniac. Everyone knows
that. But what does Trump keep on
talking about? What really keeps Trump
awake at night? Well, it's a 2020
election. The 20 2020 election in his
eyes was something that was orchestrated
by the deep state. If there were no if
there were no pandemic um if if it were
not for the fact of these mail-in
ballots in the swing states of
Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania,
if it were not for the collusion of the
entire global financial elite and in
which they pour $6 billion into
defeating Donald Trump, um if it were
not for just widespread fraud, cheating,
and collusion among the global financial
elite, then he would still be president.
and everything that happened from um
from 2021 to 2024, the raids in Mara
Lago, all these um financial lawsuits,
uh being banned from um from the
elections, all this persecution would
not have happened. So in in Trump's
eyes, his true enemy is the deep state
and the deep state is something that is
global. It's a global octopus and he
needs to destroy that. Trump is intent
on a third term. I I think that you just
look at all his actions, if you just
look at all the signs, he's telling you
he wants a third term. You know, he he
recently um you know, is is selling
these like, you know, Trump 2028 uh
hats. Um I mean, everything he's done
has has sort of like relayed to everyone
that he's intent on a third term. And
so, how do you um get a third term?
Well, first of all, you have to start
wars everywhere because then you have
these extra judicial extra
constitutional powers that allow you to
stay a third term, but also um you need
to actually also undermine the deep
state. So, you need to um promote
factions that are loyal to you and you
need to undermine um factions that are
loyal to the global order. And that's
possibly why we're seeing all these wars
um in Venezuela. Um because remember the
biggest drug runner in the world is the
CIA. So these Mexican drug drug cartels,
Venezuelan drugs drug smuggling, it's
all controlled by the CIA. So why would
Trump do that? Because he wants to
undermine the CIA, which he sees as a
direct threat to a third term.
>> That's all very fascinating. I was
actually about to ask you about the
connection Venezuela has to uh your
predictions for the future uh or perhaps
the connection to these esqueological
beliefs, but it sounds like it sounds
like uh Venezuela is like you said a
part of Trump's plan to counter the CIA.
Let me ask you this. Do you think Trump
views himself as a divinely favored
saver? Some people have called him like
the second coming of Christ. So maybe he
doesn't actually think he's the next
coming of Christ, but after surviving an
assassination attempt where he was a
couple millimeters away from having his
brains blown out, does he view himself
as divinely favored as some kind of like
messianic figure?
>> Right? So there's an interesting fact
about Trump that people sort of dismiss.
They they might have read about it, but
they completely forget about it because
it's so uh confusing. You know, it
creates chronic dissonance. The fact is
this, Trump does not drink. He does not
do drugs. He's a tea toddler. Um, so
it's a really strange idea because Trump
is a constant playboy. He's been in a
tabloid since the 1980s, sleeping with
all these beautiful women, hosting all
these lavish parties. So you imagine
that he's just this raging alcoholic,
you know, along the lines like Jay Jay
Gatsby. Uh, but he does not drink. His
entire family does not drink. So why is
that? I'm not sure if you've read um
Robert Carroll's biography of Lynen
Johnson. Um but when he was very young,
uh Lynen Johnson was already
strategizing about how to portray
himself, how to act in a way that allow
him that that would allow him to become
president of the United States. Trump
does not drink and he's been talking
about himself as a possible presidential
candidate ever since the 80s. Just go
back to 1980s when CNN was interviewing
Trump in the Democratic Republican
presidential elections. They were like,
you know, how how do you feel about, you
know, the convention? Trump's like is
always like, you know, this is great and
then one day I'm I'm going to run for
president of United States and and I'm
going to win. Okay. So, he's been
thinking about this ever since the 20s
and 30s. And um and so I do believe he
is a meic figure. I I mean like I I do
believe that when he goes to bed at
night, he does have these visions of
grander of of himself on the world stage
of creating peace around the world. I
mean like if if he were not messianic,
if he not see himself as divinely
ordained, it'd be very hard for me to
explain his actions. The fact that he's
he does not drink, does not do drugs.
He's an extremely disciplined individual
that has basically curated his image for
decades in order to reach the point
where he is. And look at the apprentice,
right? What really propelled him on the
on the um national stage is the
apprentice show. And that is, you know,
almost I mean it's it's brilliant in the
way that it's it portrayed Trump as this
great leader and it it it's it stayed in
the in the minds of of Americans. I
agree with you that Trump could
potentially seek a third term and the
only way to to accomplish that is some
kind of suspension of the status quo,
the the rules that would prevent him uh
from obtaining a third term. We've seen
um what's his name? Uh he was his
adviser, Steve Bannon. Steve Bennon made
a very direct statement that there's,
you know, we're already trying to see if
we can amend the Constitution or do
whatever we need to do in Congress in
order to get him a third term. So, I
don't think that's outside the realm of
possibilities. I I think that there's
some strong potential if he can remain
healthy. I think about a month ago, he
may have had a stroke. He disappeared
for a week and when he reappeared, he
was uh not jumping back into like major
public events very quickly. and there
was a slight droop to the left side of
his mouth which suggests that he may
have had a like a minor stroke. Um, so
if he can survive, uh, you because he's,
I think, just as old as Biden, if not
older. He's just healthier than him
mentally, I guess.
>> But, but, but just count the number of
press conferences that Trump has done
and compare that with Biden's num
number, right? I mean, like, he's
extremely energetic. Um, something else
I will point out is that it's very
likely that um, within a year or two
they will instigate civil unrest in the
United States. Uh we've we've seen
reports that Trump plans to deploy
National Guard to every single uh state.
Um and there's you watch his surrogates
talk. It's really important to watch
your surrogates talk like people like
Steve Bannon, Tucker Carlson, Ax Jones,
they're talking about the civil war. And
what XJ Jones said in a recent interview
with Tucker Carson, it's very specific.
He says that John Podesta, who is, you
know, one of the top um kingmakers of
Democratic party, they've war gamed a
civil war. And so we need to prepare for
that. If you like, you know, watch the
dark internet. Um they're talking about
the possibility of the of arresting uh
John Podesta, of Trump arresting John
Podesta and then John Podesta has all
these um Antifa militia people uh ready
in the wings to create civil unrest in
which case the National Guard will have
to come in and stamp things down. So I
think they're already wargaming us a
civil war and that's something that we
need to watch for in the next couple
years. That's a very interesting point.
There are people who speculate that
immigration customs uh ICE basically
they are testing out this concept of
like a secret police just allowing
people to mask themselves not even carry
badges or or reveal their identification
and just kidnap people in the streets.
Now, these are people who are not
citizens, so they think they can get
away with this legally. And that's in
some cases true, in other cases, it's
being challenged in the courts, but it's
not really about like the legal
mechanics of it. It's it's about the
actual process of having secret police
driving around in vans using Israeli
made technology to hack your phone,
determine your exact location, listen to
your phone to see if you're actually
present in the room with your phone
right then and there, and then surprise
you and just arrest you. and they're
completely masked up and you don't even
know who they are. This could be the
soft launching of like a Gestapo or a
secret police to be used in the event of
the escalation of civil unrest and a
potential civil war. Look, there's a lot
of signs that Trump wants to be king,
right? So, um the arming of ICE agents
and unleashing them into these
democratic strongholds, that's one sign.
remember um even though ICE their
numbers have increased greatly, their
budget has skyrocketed, the number of
immigrants being removed from the United
States is still lower than that under
Obama, right? So you ask yourself, wait
a minute, if I is so powerful and so
wealthy, why aren't the numbers going
up? And and the answer is possibly
because the intention is to create a
secret police. So ICE is a factor. You
have project 2025, a revamping of the
federal bureaucracy. You have this
government shutdown which allows Trump
um and his um allies to radically um
change the makeup of the federal
bureaucracy. Um you have all these wars
raging. Um there are a lot of signs that
Trump is intent on a third term. He's
he's renovating the White House, a
renovation that's supposed to, you know,
go beyond 2028 when his term technically
expires. Um so why is he doing all this?
I And and he and he is energetic.
Remember remember remember in theory
he's retiring in 3 years but does he
look like he he intends on retiring? I
mean it it seems to me he wants to stay
stay forever. And also like there's talk
of revenge, right? So if Trump leaves
office, Democratic president comes into
power, what do you think what do you
think he's what do you think he or she's
going to do to Trump? So in many ways
it's almost like Trump cannot afford to
leave office. He's he's all in now. You
know, it's either he becomes king or he
dies trying.
>> That's a very interesting point. You
mentioned how uh they unleashed ICE or
this secret police into Democratic
strongholds. Uh there was I don't know
if you're aware of this, but a couple of
years ago during the Biden
administration, these migrants that
would cross the border, the state of
Texas would put them on buses and send
them to New York and send them to
Chicago and say, "You deal with them."
And then they became a burden on the
city of New York. like citizens are
asking, "Wait a second, why is a migrant
who just got off the bus getting like
$3,000 a month for free in order to get
a hotel and get food?" And so it became
a political issue then, but it's an even
bigger political issue now because
they're like, "You have a bunch of
migrants that we need to get rid of and
they send ICE there." So they're they
sent it's like a Trojan horse. They sent
them the migrants and then they provided
the justification
uh in order to send the secret police
after them.
>> Right. So, sorry, but but but but but
I'll just point out that Trump has a
feel for vibes, right? Trump knows the
mood of the public and what he's doing
is pretty popular uh uh with the
American people. And I'll also say the
Dem Democratic party is in shambles.
They have no direction. They have no
vision. They have no leadership. You
know, there recently there's this no
kings rally in around the United States
and it's like you we kind of have a king
but nothing else, right? You're not
allowed to to talk about equality,
corruption. Uh you're not allowed to uh
talk about the what's happening in Gaza.
You're not allowed to talk about what's
happening in Ukraine. You're not you're
just allowed to say we don't like Trump.
That's it. So the Democratic party is in
shambles. And I will say that if Trump
becomes king, which is entirely
possible, then he has to thank the
Democratic party because without the
Democrat Democratic party, it would not
be possible for him to be king. Look, it
was Democratic party that sabotaged
Bernie Sanders and the possibility of
political rejuvenation within the party.
It was the Democratic party that uh put
Joe Biden to office and it was such a
disaster that the people voted for
Trump. Um it was Democratic party that
continues to gaslight people. Um you
know the mainstream media, the
Democratic party party is telling people
there's nothing wrong with the economy.
There's nothing wrong with Washington.
There's nothing wrong with with us. You
know, just shut up and stay home and do
what you're told. And and during the
Biden era, that's what people were told.
even though people could no longer
afford groceries, people could no longer
afford gas, people were unemployed. So,
I I I'll say this. Um, if Trump were to
become king, it's because of the fault
of the Democratic party.
>> You know, not to sound cliche here, but
uh or to state the obvious that many
people have pointed out in the past, but
this sounds a lot like the fall of the
Roman Republic and the rise of the
empire. just the no kings rally just the
even the possibility that we can discuss
a third term and Trump presenting
himself as a king even though America's
already been in an imper an imperial
state for quite a long time we don't
refer to it as a true democracy it's or
a republic even people might still have
those delusions but people who are aware
of the facts know that this is an empire
and it acts in an imperial fashion and
there's nothing democratic uh or
republican about it truly um but still
there's this discussion about Trump
taking another term. And this is this
was the exact conversation between those
who supported Julius Caesar and those
who opposed him u in the fall in the
leadup to the fall of the Roman
Republic. So, you know, in in your view,
in your understanding of Roman history
and American history and where we're at
today, um does this history rhyme and
what can we learn from the collapse of
the Roman Republic and the rise of the
empire? uh and what can we apply from
those lessons to our current
understanding of what's happening today?
>> Look, the reality is that it's not just
Roman Empire, it's all empires.
Eventually, they produce an elite that
is um hereditary, which is corrupt,
which is rent seeeking. So, the Roman uh
empire after it defeated all its
enemies, Carthage, um the Greeks,
Macedonia, um their elite started to
prey on the people. And so what the
elite would do is steal people's land uh
including public land and charge people
rent for that forcing people into debt
slavery. And this was the majority of
the population and this created um an
appetite for reformers to emerge. So the
fir the first set of reformers were the
Grai brothers Haberas Graas and his um
reform was not controversial. It was
just like, you know, let's take public
land owned by the state of Rome and give
it to poor people. Really common sense
because you make the company much more
productive. And because he said that, he
was beaten to death by the Senate, you
know, these elderly aristocrats who u
were insulted that a young man could
possibly propose something new. And so I
think this is it's a very similar
situation right now in United States
where you have this gerontocracy uh
these um people in their 80s who live in
bubble who have absolutely no concern
for the plight of the ordinary American
and who is completely divorced from
reality and and and this creates the
environment for someone like Trump to
arise. So before with Julius Caesar
there were the Grackers brothers and
there was Sola. So, and then after
Julius Caesar, there was um Augustus
Caesar. So, as long as you don't address
the fundamental issue where America
right now is being ruled by this corrupt
um out of touch gerontocracy, then you
will always have issues like this. If
Trump goes away, then there'll be
someone else to to take his man. Maybe
Tucker Carlson, right? Uh or uh MTG uh
or someone else. But but but but you'll
always have this explosive social
environment uh and the people are just
calling for relief and the only person
who can actually deliver relief is are
kings historically because kings are the
ones who are able to rally the people
against the elite and redistribute land
and erase debt.
>> I want to ask you now about uh
your videos have been going ballist like
you've created sub channels now or if
it's not you it's your fan. I mean,
>> right.
>> And those clips are going viral and
they're everywhere. Like when I would
tell people, "Yeah, I'm interviewing
Professor John." They were like, "Oh,
I've seen his videos on YouTube." But
now, now like my sister is sending me
your videos as someone else remixed on
Instagram. So, your videos are going
absolutely viral. And you're you're
producing all kinds of content,
educating people at all sorts of things.
One of the things you're educating your
high school class, and correct me if I'm
wrong, it's your high school class that
you're documenting your classes. Yeah.
>> One of the the subjects you're teaching
is quantum mechanics, which is
interesting for two reasons. One,
because it's such a fascinating subject.
The other thing is that these are high
school students and you're teaching them
quantum mechanics. In America, I don't
know what I don't think the high school
kids are learning quantum mechanics. I
definitely didn't learn that when I was
in high school. But anyway, I want to
ask you
why you decided to teach quantum
mechanics to your students and to your
followers online and how quantum
mechanics fits into your uh worldview
and this concept of predictive history
and how it might fit into the warnings
you're trying to to preach to your
followers essentially about this very
dire situation we're in that we can
perceive as the end of times. So I think
that we're we are where we are because
we've abandoned the spiritual side of
our identity and embraced the
materialistic. So all we care about
nowadays is money, sex, power. Um our
entire societies revolve around these
three things. And so what I'm trying to
get my students to do is uh reimagine
who they can be and reimagine what
society can be. And so I'm trying to get
them to explore intellectually who we
are. And to do that I I need to get them
to think about the fundamental nature of
reality. So I discussed quantum
mechanics but also discuss Kant and
Hegel philosophy. And I I want to show
them that there's widespread agreement
among different disciplines about the
nature of reality. So quantum mechanics
say that nature is unknowable because um
um um you know particles and waves can
coexist together until it's observed. Um
and so and so this is what we call the
collapse of the uh the wave function.
And this is something that Khan told us.
Kant says that um we are we can never
know the objective of reality because we
are participants in reality. And so we
create our own reality. And and by
showing how these how philosophy and
quantum mechanics converge and agree
then that plants a seed my in my
students and let them understand that
maybe um at a fundamental level reality
is not what we think it is. Maybe
reality is not material. Maybe it's
energetic. Maybe it's
informationational. Maybe it's
vibrational. So for high school students
I'm just trying to implant questions.
I'm just trying to shift slightly uh
with nuance and subtlety how they
perceive the world because the reality
is that um materialism the idea of
materialism is so embedded into our
everyday lives right so think of the
theory of evolution you'd be you'd be
called crazy if you ever question the
theory of evolution even though actually
if you study a theory of evolution there
are lots of questions that would arise
from Darwin's explanations um so you
know that that's what I'm trying to do
I'm trying to provoke
a civilizational discourse on what it
means to be human and where we could be
going and I think that we need to
reconcile the fact that we are spiritual
beings living in a material world. In
our last discussion,
you told me that uh you wanted to
prepare people or your followers, your
students and to help them reimagine what
a new world can look like. that the
world is not like literally ending that
it it's gonna you know collapse in some
big fireball but actually it's you know
society and civilization as we know it
is transitioning to something new and we
get to be part of that process and build
what comes next.
Does that fit into what you're telling
me now about quantum mechanics by
planting the seed and allowing people to
think more creatively about their
identity reality itself and
participating in that in a more
constructive manner?
>> Yeah. So I mean the basic principle of
quantum mechanics is reality is what we
imagine it to be. It's only when we
participate in reality when we observe
reality that it becomes true to us. And
so that's the main lesson that I'm
trying to teach my students that in the
imagination is the animating force of
the universe. And the future is what you
imagine to be. So don't be passive, be
active, be proactive. And as the world
changes, as the world devolves, as the
world shatters into chaos, dream of a
better world. And it will become a
better world. And and and that's the
message that I'm sending to my students.
Uh but but obviously with with with some
nuance.
>> Yeah. I I think that's powerful and it's
important. I'm wondering what role you
you view humanity having moving forward
uh in ter because I guess when we think
about ourselves as participating
um most people simply participate in the
world by participating in the economy
and they participate in the economy
through their labor but their labor is
essentially being replaced right now by
AI if not today the AI being built today
is designed to replace your labor
tomorrow. Um, I was listening to a
discussion today. There are these uh AI
researchers and scientists. They have
like their own podcast and they get on
on YouTube every week and they update
people about the developments in and AI.
And they were describing a world I
simply could not care about. They were
talking about how excited they were for
AI, that AI it was going to do this and
was going to do that. And I was
thinking, what are we going to do? I I
don't like AI is going to do all these
wonderful things and it's going to
benefit Sam Ultman and the the 10 other
Zionist Jews who own the entire
apparatus for it. How does it benefit me
and the common person? What are we going
to do when we're stripped of our labor
and we're stripped of essentially our
meaning and our purpose? At least what
we think is our meaning and purpose. So,
how does this relate to, you know, the
rapid advancement of AI? Look, I have a
different um take on AI than most
people. I don't think AI will ever be
achieved. Um AGI, right? Artificial
general intelligence. Um if you just
just look at the technology, the
resources underpinning AI, it's
tremendous, right? You've got um these
data centers that's sucking up all
communities, water, and electricity um
just so that people can create these
silly images on the internet. It's it's
it's it's really silly endeavor. Uh so I
don't think AI is actually that
fantastic. I don't think it actually
does anything. Um, and I think that um,
eventually the entire AI bubble will
collapse because they've poured in
trillions of dollars um, into it and
they still have not figured out how to
make money off it. So Sam Alman has come
out and said that from now on chat GPT
will do sexing, right? So engage with
humans in sexual dialogue like like why
would you want AI to do that? And I
think it's a sign of desperation. And I
think that what people don't really
appreciate is the elite, okay,
everywhere, they are desperate. They're
desperate to maintain control because
they know they're losing control.
They've lost control of the narrative.
Um, people no longer believe them. So,
you know, you have AI, but you also have
like talk of like demons and alien
invasion and and all that. And again,
it's all like this desperation, anxiety
among the elite to maintain control when
they've lost control. And I think that
what we're really optimistic about is a
spiritual awakening of humanity. And and
I'll be honest with you, I like like the
fact that I blew up on the internet, you
know, I I was at 500 subscribers uh 6
months ago in in May. Now I'm at like,
you know, 800,000. It it's it's just
incredible uh my growth. And I think
it's because I'm I'm delivering a
message that's right for the time. Um,
I've been saying this for a long time,
but it just happens that uh I've hit a
nerve and it's because people are now
ready to understand their true
potential. And and I think that once
people lose faith in artificial
intelligence, lose faith in authority,
and once they establish a greater faith
in themselves, then they'll truly
establish um themselves as divine
spiritual beings and their imagination,
human action will be truly unleashed.
and and we could approach a golden age
of human creativity and potential.
>> I hope so. I hope you're correct about
this. I agree with you that right now
the way that we see AI being manifested
is in what they call slop, AI slop,
which is uh sexing, garbage imagery,
like really poor videos. But we've
actually, if if you look at like the
first video of Will Smith eating noodles
a couple years ago with AI, it looked
terrible. Now it's like almost lifelike.
And I saw a very emotional video that
went viral the other day. There was a
32year-old musician who said, "I've
dedicated my entire life to music and
I've made money since I graduated high
school making music. I, you know, doing
sound design, being on set for
productions or making music or doing
whatever they could in the field of
music to make money." And they said in
the last two years, little by little, I
it's gotten to the point where now there
is nothing I can do and there's nothing
I'm willing to do because now people
will tell me, can you do this specific
thing for me with a musical instrument?
And they say, no, why would I do that
for you? AI can do it faster and cheaper
for you and no one else wants. And I and
I did I chose this uh I pursued this
career because I'm passionate about
music and I wanted to make money, but I
do have a love for it. And now that love
has been stripped of from me. And I
think back to like 2014 where these
academics were first talking about
automation or not first obviously
they've been talking about it for a long
time but there was a a famous interview
where this Japanese uh American
physicist talked about automation and
said this will be a wonderful thing that
when AI and automation comes it'll free
human beings to stop flipping burgers
and start doing creative things. But the
first thing AI has replaced is is
creativity and music. And while it could
be nothing, and I hope you're right that
it's nothing,
scientists and these researchers are
telling us in ways that you can't really
understand unless you're one of them and
and you can understand their their nerdy
language. But they're basically telling
you that AI is doing things that are
unimaginable and it's only a matter of
time before it actually starts producing
the changes that we find are actually
revolutionary and and destabilizing to
society. So long- winded explanation. I
know. I apologize for that. I hope
you're right, but I'm I'm my mind is not
made up on which direction AI is going
in. I You're right. It could collapse,
but it also could usher in like a techno
feudal slave era. And I'm not excited
about that. So I hope you're right.
>> Right. So um let me just respond quickly
to your concerns. So I think the problem
is that for the past 20 years with the
rise of capitalism, global capitalism,
we've been brainwashed to believe that
we are just commodities that that our
only value is to produce labor for the
free market and the free market will
judge our value. And that's a that's a
problem because throughout most of human
of human history, we were all spiritual
beings in community with each other. So
when we produce music, it is to cost a
light among people in our community. It
was not to sell our music, our labor or
commodity to the free market. And so I
think that with the collapse of mass
society which we will see in next 50
years then then humans will return to
their or their origins as these
spiritual entities very much concerned
with bringing value and um art um to
their communities. So as long as we
focus on using our music to make each
other more fulfilled then we will always
have we always create value. But if it's
really about creating music so it can be
commodified and sold in the free market,
then AI can easily replace us.
>> Interesting. So you're saying even if
that's true, even if AI will replace us,
what for us to adapt as human beings, we
need to reinterpret the motivations we
have for the things that we do.
>> Look, the reality is this. The re the
reality is that the elite uh and the
proxy AI, it's a parasite on mass
society. As long as there's billions of
people around, then a is possible. But
if there is a major geophysical event,
which is what a lot of people expect,
maybe a magic pole shift, maybe a mini
ice age, and the population decreases,
then AI is no longer sustainable. I
mean, where would you get the funding,
the resources to build all these like
these massive data centers that have to
be maintained uh throughout the year?
You like like AI would no longer be
viable.
>> Professor Jung, thank you so much for
taking the time today. This was
unexpected. Uh I I wasn't sure if you
wanted to do another interview given how
busy you are. So I appreciate your time.
I'm very thankful for it and I know that
my audience will be as well. So
>> no, it's it's always a pleasure to talk
with you. You ask great questions. I
always enjoy our conversations. So So
thank you.
>> Absolutely. Thank you. We'll talk again
soon. I want to give a special thank you
to our channel members. You all keep
this channel alive. Because I don't have
that many channel members. I am going to
call them out one by one by name as a
special thank you for your support which
makes my work possible. Jim pants L44
sin DMmetrics Aun Ali Billy BUI Ibraim
John Young Osama Dorothy AA8 Castle K
Riri Ahmed Aswani R Amin Omar Karakas
Shar Islam and Mo Barack. If you enjoyed
this conversation with Professor Jung,
please don't forget to like and
subscribe and take a look at the rest of
my content. You might want to take a
look at my explainer videos playlist.
That is the content that most of my
followers appreciate. But we also have a
bunch of wonderful interviews and
podcasts. We have Scott Ritterder, Sami
Hamdi, many other brilliant academics
and journalists. So go ahead and take a
look at our catalog and let me know
which content that you want to see more
of. Thank you guys and see you in the
next one.
>> Trust nothing.
>> No laws. Free your mind. Everything is
propaganda.
>> Everything is propaganda.
Everything is working out.